Incorrect generalization of NaN (#21392)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/nan/index.md

`NaN` and its behaviors are not invented by JavaScript. Its semantics in floating point arithmetic (including that `NaN !== NaN`) are specified by [IEEE 754](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_precision_floating-point_format). `NaN`'s behaviors include:

> - If `NaN` is involved in any mathematical operation, the result is also usually `NaN`. (See [counterexample](#silently-escaping-nan) below.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `NaN` is involved in a mathematical operation, the result is usually also `NaN`. (See [counter-example](#silently_escaping_nan) below.)
```

console.log(f2b(nan2)); // Uint8Array(8) [1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 248, 127]
```

### Silently escaping NaN

> In some cases simply testing for NaN at the end of a calculation is not enough to rule out the possibility that a previous calculation resulted in a NaN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, simply testing for `NaN` at the end of a calculation is not enough to rule out the possibility that a previous calculation resulted in a `NaN`.
```

> In some cases, simply testing for `NaN` at the end of a calculation is not enough to rule out the possibility that a previous calculation resulted in a `NaN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NaN` propagates through mathematical operations, so it's usually sufficient to test for `NaN` once at the end of calculation to detect for error conditions. The only case where `NaN` gets silently escaped is when using [exponentiation](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Exponentiation) with an exponent of `0`, which immediately returns `1` without testing the base's value.
```
